Alright in this video we want to take a
look at persisting the image file into
the database and we're going to do that
as a byte array. So a couple minor things
that we need to go through here. Course
on, we're still following test-driven
development so I've written a test for
it and that's what I have on screen
right now starting on line 34. We're
going to test save of the image file and
again we're going to use the MockMultipartFile as our input. So that's
going to work out for our unit test here. And you can see I go through and set
that up on line 40-41, we create a Recipe
object and assign it an id value. We
create an Optional which is going to be
the return of findById method and
that's the method that's going to be
implemented by Spring Data JPA.
So we're going to mock that out there on
line 44 and also this time I'm going to
do an assert and I want to assert
against the saved recipe because I want
to check out, make sure that the bytes
are going to be the same as to what we
pass in and that's what has been saved
on the recipe object. So you can see on
line 46, I set up an ArgumentCaptor
and it is for the Recipe class. Now the
save option right now, it doesn't return
anything. So we it returns void so we
don't have to test the return value but
we do want to test what happens inside
of it. So you can see on line 52, I'm
verifying that the recipeRepository
save gets called one time and in that,
I'm going to use the argumentCaptor
to capture the argument. And that's going
to give me a savedRecipe there on line
53 and then I'm going to check to see if
the bytes match. And go ahead and run
this guy. You can see that run and that
it is a passing test. Let's take a look
at the actual implementation of this. So it switched over to the image service
implementation and you can see
that it takes in the recipeId and
MultipartFile. That's what's going to
be passed in from the controller and of
course on line 35 there, we're going to
go through and get the recipe object out
of the repository because we're going to
be saving against an existing recipe. And
then I need to convert it because that
MultipartFile that's going to use a
Java primitive byte array and I need to
convert it to the wrapper class of a
Byte into the Byte object and that's why I'm calling it byteObjects and I do a new
Byte array to the length of the
primitive byte array there on line 37.
And then 39 to 43 basically set up in
the iterator to iterate over that and we
convert over the byteObjects. So we're
doing a conversion from the
Java primitive to the wrapper object. And
that's kind of a little strange to have
to do it that way. There's no auto boxing
available for arrays inside of Java. So
just a touch extra code that we need to
do. And I want to point out also, let's go
ahead and take a look at the Recipe
object. We are using the boxing
object there and that is a
recommendation from the Hibernate team.
I've had people say why don't you
just use the primitive. Primitives can't
be null and so Hibernate team actually
recommends to use the wrappers for
the primitive. So that is a Hibernate
recommendation and I
typically considered the best practice
when working with Hibernate. So come back
over here then we just set the image to
the byte array and then we save it and
right now I'm going to put a note in
here. Coming up in the course, we're going
to be focusing a little bit more on
exception handling. So right now we're
not handling any type of exception in
here. So we definitely will be getting
to that in the future. So let's go ahead
and run all our tests.
So this is a habit that you want to be
getting into is to be running your tests
frequently because if you break
something unintentionally, you want to
know sooner rather than later. And when
you get into larger development shops it
is definitely frowned upon
to check on something that breaks your
test. So all the tests do run and come up
here and run the application now. You see
Spring Boot is starting up and let's
come over here into Chrome and we will
test out this functionality. I'm going to refresh this and it's still displaying
the image. We haven't done the image
display yet. Now I can come in and choose a
file and I am just going to upload that
file. It's just a simple image file and
we can see that it did take, and let's
come over here to the database console. I
want to take a look at the database and
let's take a look at recipe, run that. And
we can see that recipe 2 does have 72
thousand, almost seventy three thousand
bytes on. That's roughly the size of the
image file that I did upload. So exactly
what we're looking for and expecting to see
the byte array loaded into our
H2 database.